(This drama is based on
a true story.)
(The plot was adjusted
for entertainment purposes only.)
(We have no intention
to offend any careers,)
(encourage immoral sexual values,)
(or create a pessimistic disposition
of a gender or a group of people.)
(We would like to apologize in
advance for any misunderstandings.)
(Presents)
(Theory of Love)
Do you believe in true love?
Like soulmates?
I do.
I thought you said
you were at the hospital.
Who's this?
I asked for a divorce,
but she wouldn’t agree.
So I had to sue for divorce.
The case is still ongoing.
Do you like it? It’s my land.
Just give me a few years.
I'll build a cafe
just the way you want.
Let’s just do it.
I have some money saved up.
- Look at this.
- I'm not a scammer.
You’re not a scammer.
I'm not either.
Then who is?
Hello, Aoy and Chod.
I'm Phare, 35 years old.
I have a degree
in computer engineering.
After graduation, I worked
at the country’s top IT firm.
It's widely recognized.
Within a few years,
I was promoted to supervisor.
I thought that was the best thing
I gained from this firm.
But there was something even better.
I met a great guy,
and we got married.
I got pregnant not long after.
We discussed at length whether
I should quit and raise our kid.
At first, I regretted letting go
of such a promising career.
But over the past
seven to eight years,
raising my daughter
and watching her grow
made me realize that being a mother
is a meaningful job too.
Then something unexpected happened.
My husband passed away
in a car accident.
I feel bad using the word "lucky,"
but he had a life insurance policy
worth millions of baht.
Still, I knew I needed a job.
There was my daughter’s
tuition fees and university.
The mortgage payments.
The money would run out
in a few years.
Hello?
Yes.
I'm glad you called me.
Everyone at the firm misses you.
But don’t you think
it’s a little too soon?
I’m so ready to get back to work.
Right now,
all our positions are filled.
If a new department opens up
and needs someone with your skills,
I’ll be sure to contact you.
I think you should take
some time to rest.
- But I...
- Take good care of yourself.
I then realized that to society,
when a woman becomes a mother,
it's hard for her to be seen
as anything else.
Resigning to become
a stay-at-home mom
made people assume that my knowledge
and skills were gone.
Mom, the eggs are burning.
Preem, step aside. Come on.
I’ll make new ones for you.
We’re out of eggs.
I’ll go get some.
Will you get to school on time?
Oh no.
Mom, I can have cereal and a banana.
Do you want some?
I’ll make it for you.
I’m glad my daughter is so sweet.
Sometimes, instead of me
taking care of her,
she’s the one
taking care of me.
Is it good?
Very good.
She gives me the energy
to keep fighting.
But I still have to handle
life problems on my own.
I'm done.
You're done? Let's go.
Patient VN769, please get
your medicine at counter four.
I had severe migraines back then.
I couldn’t eat or sleep.
The first time I saw a doctor,
it didn’t get better.
I had to see the doctor many times.
I thought
my doctor wasn’t competent.
Then I accidentally met another one.
May I sit with you?
- Sure.
- Thank you.
People with migraines
should eat regularly.
If you're hungry,
it increases your chance of getting
a migraine by 40 to 70 percent.
Okay.
I don’t mean to butt in,
but I must warn you
that sugary beverages
are high in calories.
If you really need the sugar,
just have half a glass.
Follow it with some water.
It’s better for your migraines.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Don’t mind me.
I still see this
as part of the hospital.
Giving health advice
is part of my job after all.
Okay.
Do you give advice to every patient?
Actually, no.
You’re the first person, ma’am.
May I call you that?
My name is Ake.
I’m a surgeon here.
Just a brief conversation with him
felt better than
months of medication.
I asked myself why
I didn't meet this doctor sooner.
It's just for one hour.
- What do you think?
- Why just one hour?
- Look who's here.
- Hey.
- Ake.
- Hello.
- You're so heavy.
We started dating.
Even though he was
five years younger,
he was incredibly mature.
He got along well with my daughter,
taking on the role of both father
and husband perfectly.
In many ways,
Ake reminded me of my late husband.
It felt like he had never left.
Only his face
was slightly different.
Your sunny-side-up egg,
shaped like a heart.
He could only spend time
with me three days a week,
because the other four days
he worked in Chonburi
or at other hospitals
that needed him.
So we had to make the most
of those three days together.
- What do you want to do today?
- On the days he wasn’t here,
I became a single mother again.
But I felt comforted
knowing we'd be a family again
in just a few days.
- Other food is fine too.
- What should we eat?
Mom.
It's that place.
Should we get Ake’s favorite cookies
for him tomorrow?
Okay.
Let's go.
- Preem.
- Yes?
Sit and wait for me here.
- I'll get the cookies.
- Okay.
Anywhere else you want to go?
Well...
- A cafe?
- Sure.
Just pick them.
- We could visit a hundred cafes.
- Are you serious?
- Yes.
Do you want to go camping
in the mountains?
Sounds good.
- Camping then?
- Sure.
Maybe just for one night?
There’s a discount for two people.
You can take it.
Sorry.
I told them I’m off today,
but they keep calling.
I’ll take the call.
Hello? What is it?
I’m about to head
into the operating room.
- The operating room?
- Yes.
Where?
At the hospital, of course.
I’m in Chonburi today.
Did you forget?
I’ll see you tomorrow.
I have to go.
The nurse is calling me. All right?
It’s nothing.
Just the usual.
This one’s cheaper than the other.
- A couple’s package.
- Yes.
Romantic duo.
- It's really cheap.
- Yes.
What a great discount.
Two thousand baht.
Hey, what did you do?
I thought you said you were
at the hospital. Who's this?
A mental patient
who steals people's boyfriends?
I’m begging you, please go home.
I’ll tell you later.
No, let’s talk now.
What is all this about?
Why did you lie to me?
You should go now.
I’ll explain everything.
No.
- Let’s clear things up now.
- Mom.
I want to talk to that wench too.
Why? Cat got your tongue?
Why weren’t you embarrassed
when you did it?
- Why so quiet now?
- Mom, let’s go home.
Preem, take your mother home.
No. I’m not leaving
until I slap her.
Hey, don't.
That's enough. Let's go.
How many times have you lied to me?
I wasn’t thinking things through.
But I thought anyone who was lied to
would’ve done the same.
What is this?
Why are you showing me this?
Trying to piss me off?
That’s Uea.
She was my junior
back in college.
She’s been flirting with me
for years.
Did she study medicine too?
No.
She’s a librarian
at the college library.
I was never interested in her.
Until last month,
the college held a farewell party
for a professor.
I knew him, so I went.
She was there too.
That night,
I got really drunk.
So...
So you slept with her.
No, we didn’t go that far.
It’s true.
I...
She took advantage
and clung to me.
Then she took photos and videos
to blackmail me.
I’m pretty sure
she knows this was a real case
at the hospital.
Many doctors have been fired
over things like this.
So she blackmailed me.
I had to pay her compensation.
She’s clearly a thief.
I don’t know what to do.
My world is small.
I study all day.
I don’t have any friends.
I started working
right after graduation.
I never expected I’d meet
someone so cruel.
It’s okay, Ake.
We’ll get through this together,
all right?
I don’t think I can take it anymore.
I’ve been under so much stress.
Think about it, Phare.
Every time I perform surgery,
I’m exhausted.
But I still have to drive
to her and pay,
just to keep her
from blackmailing me.
All the time I’ve been with her,
there’s only one thing on my mind.
When will I get to see you again?
When will I get to play with Preem?
Phare.
I love you and Preem so much.
It'll be fine, Ake.
How much more
do you have to pay her?
I don’t want you to know.
I don’t want to worry you.
Let me carry that burden.
It's my fault.
Just tell me.
You've helped me so much.
Let me help you.
A million baht more.
Once a bad person,
always a bad person.
She was paid,
but didn’t keep her word.
She kept bothering my boyfriend.
Someone like me
can’t just sit around.
I had to stop her shamelessness.
I knew talking wouldn't work
with someone like her.
So I came up with
a plan for revenge.
Even though I hadn't done
much programming lately,
a simple task like this
wouldn't take much time.
(Mrs. Ueaari Jitcharoensuk
Librarian)
The college's security system
was so easy to hack too.
Excuse me.
Do you have any books on how to deal
with shameless people?
(Sluttiest Librarian of the Year)
- Goodbye, ma'am.
- Say bye to your teacher.
- Mom.
- Yes?
I want some pancakes.
Just one, all right?
You can’t have more than that
because I’m making dinner.
Okay.
Three cream pancakes, please.
I said one, Preem.
One for you and one for Ake.
You’re so sweet, Preem.
You’re thinking of others.
Such a sweet child.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Give us some, please.
Thank you.
What's all this?
(Dangerous Woman! Possessive over
a man who doesn't want her.)
(I feel sorry for the child, having
a mother who has a mental illness.)
Huh?
It's her.
Where are you going, Mom?
What about the pancakes?
It's okay. You'll be fine.
Preem, I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
Preem.
What should I do to get you
to go to school?
You’ve already missed two days.
My friends call me
the daughter of a crazy person.
Can I just not go, Mom?
I’m embarrassed.
I’m embarrassed, Mom.
My instinct as a mother
told me to go after her
for hurting my daughter.
Are you insane?
I'll slap some sense into you.
I’ll protect my family
with everything I have.
Let go of me.
Hey.
I’ll protect my relationship too.
- Oh dear.
- Let go.
- I said stop it.
- Let go of me.
Let go of me!
- Stop.
- Leave my husband alone.
Stop.
- Get her out of here.
- Let go.
Stop them.
That's enough.
- Come here.
- Let go.
I said stop it!
It made me realize
that I’ve had enough of this man.
- Stop.
- Go away.
- Hey.
- Get out of my face
before my daughter's and my lives
get worse.
I'm sorry.
I promise this will never
happen again.
I talked to Uea.
She deleted all the photos.
From now on,
it will just be the three of us.
No one will bother us anymore.
Phare.
Look at this document.
(Title Deed)
Before my father passed away,
he left me some land.
He told me to use it
to build a life.
Now I know
that you're my life partner.
I don't want to be
just Ake to Preem.
I want to be her father.
Please give me a chance.
Please.
Let’s be a family again.
Phare.
Thank you so much.
Preem will love it.
A small cafe with a garden
where customers can take photos.
Just wait a little.
I’ll take on more patients
in the next few years,
and save up
to open that cafe for you.
I don't want to wait, Ake.
Let's just do it.
I have some money saved up.
Okay.
(Sup Munkong Insurance)
I’ll get going then. Good luck.
- Goodbye.
Hello, Pornapha.
Please follow me.
When I ran into her again
at the insurance company,
I knew that someone
wasn't telling the truth.
Are you sure this land
belongs to you?
I am. I remember this tree.
You're being funny. This is my land.
Wait, why is it so empty?
It doesn’t look like his photos.
In his photos,
there were already foundation beams.
Look.
What? Hold on.
I got the exact same photo.
Ake, you scumbag!
He's Ake to you, huh?
I call him Tim.
So what's his real name?
Come on.
Stop crying.
The stress is driving me insane.
It's killing me too.
I gave him one million baht.
And I slept with him.
I gave him more than a million.
Sleeping with him
doesn’t bother me, though.
It was fun for me.
But I have a child.
She really likes him.
What am I supposed to tell her?
Oh dear.
"The coffee machine
imported from Italy."
"Just delivered today."
"Please transfer the money.
Only 350,000 baht. Such a steal."
"The coffee machine
imported from Italy."
"Just delivered today."
"Please transfer the money.
Only 350,000 baht. Such a steal."
Can’t he come up with
something original for once?
Ake, I’m not dumb.
How dare you try to scam me?
You’ll definitely pay for this.
Wait, calm down.
- What? I'm not done.
- Hold on.
Listen to me.
If he finds out we’re onto him
and runs off with our money,
then what?
Don’t you want your money back?
Calm down.
Let’s plan carefully.
We’ll outsmart him
when he least expects it.
Yes.
He scammed us,
so we scam him back.
Hey.
You can’t sit here.
It’s private property.
Get out.
(Rongsi Pochana)
The food here is as good as always.
That’s why I bring you here often.
Hey.
Did you transfer the money
for the coffee machine?
Not yet.
I haven’t received
my insurance payout yet.
I'll send it as soon as I can.
Sure, I can wait,
but not for too long.
I'm afraid it might get sold
to someone else.
If that happens,
we’ll lose our deposit.
Excuse me. Check, please.
I'll transfer.
Okay, thank you.
Anywhere else you want to go?
- Well...
- Do you want to look at books?
- Sure.
- Let's go.
I'll take a shower.
I had an outdoor shoot today.
I'm all sweaty.
Go ahead and wash your hair.
I'll blow dry it for you.
- Sure.
- Okay.
Why can't I log in?
Do I have the wrong code?
- Uea.
- Yes?
Will you bring me my phone?
I want to listen to some music.
Of course.
Are you coming?
Yes, I am.
- Here.
- Thank you.
What? Only a few hundred
thousand baht in his account?
Yes.
And no apps
for trading gold, stocks, or crypto.
None at all.
Think carefully. Where could he
be keeping our money?
But he has a laptop.
He spends his days playing games.
But he's always on it late at night.
I think he stores
information on it.
Can you log into his laptop?
From what I’ve seen,
his password is as long
as Bangkok’s full name.
You’re good with computers, right?
Can you hack it?
You woke me up so early.
Where are we going?
I want it to be a surprise.
I’m sure you’ll love it.
- I'll drive.
- Okay.
Tim.
You’ve been working so hard lately.
You don’t get to fly often,
so I want you to relax.
So, are you surprised?
Yes.
Very surprised.
As for the outfit and equipment,
I’ve already prepared them.
Okay.
Hello, how is it going?
I’m about to send him up in the air.
When he found out he had to fly,
his face went completely pale.
Luckily, the wind’s strong today.
He might actually fall to his death.
No, don't let him die just yet.
I still can’t hack into his laptop.
I can only access the basic stuff.
He’s installed
a tight security system.
I’m sure our money’s in here.
Take care of it.
He’ll take a few more hours.
Okay, I’ll call you once I’m done.
But let me know
when he’s about to leave.
Okay.
Tim, why are you still wearing that?
I have diarrhea.
I’ve already been
to the toilet twice.
I don’t think I can fly today.
Maybe next time.
Tim, you can still do it.
It doesn’t take much energy.
It’s not a good idea, Uea.
What if I have to go mid-air?
The farmers won't need fertilizer.
Come on, let them use
their own fertilizer.
Let’s go home.
Wait, Tim.
I think we should see a doctor.
If it’s serious,
you can get treated early.
It’s fine, Uea.
I have electrolyte powder at home.
I’ll be fine after I have that
and get some rest.
Let’s go home.
- I can’t hold it in. Let's go.
- Wait, Tim.
Oh no.
Ouch.
What should I do?
Phare.
(Uea)
What?
Hello, Phare.
Change of plans. We’re leaving.
- Are you done?
- What?
I need two more hours. Stall him.
Two hours?
- Uea, what are you doing? Let’s go.
- Okay.
- I need to use the toilet.
- I'll do my best.
Okay, I'm coming.
Are you purposely driving slowly?
Why are you taking the long way?
No.
I think this way is faster.
I’ll find you a gas station
before we go home.
No, I want to use
the toilet at home.
Hurry up.
Okay.
(We're here. Did you leave?)
We're here. Did you leave?
- Uea, hurry up.
- Okay.
Phare, did you leave?
- Come on.
- Tim, hold on. Wait for me.
- I need to go now.
- Okay, I hear you.
- Hurry up, Uea.
- Okay.
- Yes?
- The key?
Oh.
Is it missing?
Hold on.
I don't know where it is.
Did you bring it with you
this morning?
I think so.
We're home.
Who are you talking to?
Never seen Japanese anime?
That’s what you’re supposed to say
when you get home.
The door is not locked.
Uea, I'm going to take a nap.
I woke up so early this morning.
I’m exhausted.
Sure.
Where are you now? Did you leave?
No, I'm in the closet.
Please get him out of the room.
Well, Tim.
Don’t you need to use the toilet?
I’ll prepare the electrolyte powder.
Well...
It’s fine. I feel better now.
I’ll feel better after a nap.
- Darn it.
- What's wrong?
It’s nothing. I’ll be back.
I just have some errands to run.
Phare.
I don’t know what’s wrong.
He just ran out.
It was me.
What did you do?
I texted him.
I said I was bringing snacks
to the hospital.
If he’s not available,
I’ll leave them at reception.
The truth will come out
that there is no Dr. Akasit
in the department of surgery.
So he has to meet you in person.
You’re so smart.
But not as smart as he is.
I dug through his laptop.
No financial information.
He has a lot of cash.
How could he keep it
without a trace?
Or did he put it in a jar
and bury it?
It's possible.
So I...
I brought a surveillance camera.
Let’s keep an eye on him
and find out where he hid our money.
Hello, I just got
out of the operating room.
Where are you now?
I already left.
I had to pick up Preem.
What?
Why didn’t you tell me earlier?
I ran so fast I almost threw up.
I’m sorry. I didn’t want
to disturb you at work.
Did you leave the snacks
at the reception?
No, I brought them home.
All right, good.
Phare.
Don’t bring any more snacks
to the hospital.
They don’t like it
when outsiders visit.
Okay, see you tomorrow.
Ake, the snacks I wanted
to give you the other day.
It's so good. Try it.
Thank you. It looks amazing.
Phare.
About the 350,000 baht
coffee machine,
could you transfer the money now?
I have to pay for it this morning.
This morning?
I haven’t received
my insurance payout yet.
Please wait a few more days.
Let me be honest with you.
Do you have a problem with me?
You’ve postponed so many times.
If you don’t want to open a cafe
with me, just say so.
Ake.
Be reasonable.
I still haven’t gotten my payout.
Where else can I get the money?
I’ve put so much into this cafe.
Why wouldn’t I want
to make it work?
Calm down.
Please wait a little.
Once I get the payout,
I’ll transfer it right away.
Okay.
Is it good, dear?
Goodbye, come back soon.
Did he hear you?
Probably not.
A car’s coming.
Whose car is that?
Preem, say hi to Uea.
Hello, Uea.
Hello.
Who’s she?
She’s my friend.
I tried to get him to talk,
but he wouldn’t say a word.
All he did was ask about
the money for the coffee machine.
Same here.
He’s been asking me
about it all day.
Never mind.
Have you seen him do anything
on your surveillance camera?
Nothing useful so far.
I’ll check yesterday’s footage.
I was with him all day.
I didn’t get the chance.
Wait, why is it all black?
Why’s he so messy?
Can’t he hang up
his clothes properly?
Try pressing play.
Okay.
- Got it?
- Yes.
There's one more.
We need a code.
Do you know it?
Try the old one, 565656.
What?
Let’s go before he gets back.
Let's go.
Wait.
What?
The happiness we get from deceit
will one day make us realize
that we are the fools.
Why should we just let him?
Let’s get our money back.
What was that? I’m totally confused.
Don’t be confused. He’s gay.
I didn't know someone
could be that evil.
A guy like him needs to face
a guy like me.
I’m here today
because I want to ask for your help.
How do you want me to help?
- Hello, are you James?
- Yes.
Hello.
Let me ask you something.
Are you really gay, James?
Hey.
- This always causes me a problem.
- You saw the camera, didn't you?
Yes.
What's that smell? Omelet?
Watch out for the smell.
We can't concentrate now
because of the smell.
There's wind.
What? Did you just do it?
Your false eyelashes are coming off.
- Really?
- Yes.
They came off.